# ChatGPT for Automated Program Repair

## Overview
This directory contains scripts that request ChatGPT to perform automated program repair on different benchmarks.
 
## Setup in localhost
  * Clone this repo
  * `cd llm-repair-them-all`
  * `cp .env_chatgpt .env` and finish setting in .env

## Process
You can run by the command `bash run.sh`. You can also specific your requirments by changing the parameters in `run.sh`. We describe some key parameters in the following. For Defects4J, we use a json file to store all the results for each bug. For Refactory, we use a json file to store all the results for bugs in each question.
### Parameters
#### General parameters
- `-m`: The version of ChatGPT you want to use. There are 3 different version of ChatGPT you can choose: "gpt-3.5-turbo", "gpt-4", "gpt-4-32k".
- `-b`: The benchmark you want to use. Now we can support Defects4J and Refactory.
- `-or`: By setting it to `True`, you can only request ChatGPT to generate patchs and save them.
- `-ov`: By setting it to `True`, you can ony verify the patched generated by ChatGPT.
- `-s`: If you want run from a specific `bug_id`, you can set this parameter. This parameter is generally used when use you want to generate patches for bugs in a specific project.
- `-nr`: The number of requests send to the model.
- `-pl`: We prepare some prompts for you, you can see `src/core/chatgpt/confg/prompt_config.py` for details.
- `-pt` : If you want to use your own designed prompt, you can set this parameter.

#### Parameters used in ChatGPT
The following introduction is from [OpenAi API Reference](https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat/create).
- `-t`:  What sampling temperature to use for generating patches, between 0 and 2. Higher values like 0.8 will make the output more random, while lower values like 0.2 will make it more focused and deterministic. If you want to generate multiple patches for a bug, you may can choose a large temperature. The default ChatGPT sets temperature to 0.7.
- `-mt`: The maximum number of tokens to generate in the chat completion.
- `-tp`: An alternative to sampling with temperature, called nucleus sampling, where the model considers the results of the tokens with top_p probability mass. So 0.1 means only the tokens comprising the top 10% probability mass are considered. OpenAI's suggestion: Don't altering it and temperature simultaneously.
- `-pp`: Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on whether they appear in the text so far, increasing the model's likelihood to talk about new topics.
- `-fp`: Number between -2.0 and 2.0. Positive values penalize new tokens based on their existing frequency in the text so far, decreasing the model's likelihood to repeat the same line verbatim.

#### Parameters used in Defects4J
- `-bug_id` and `-project`: If you both give these two parameters, you will request ChatGPT to generate patch for a specific bug; If you only give `-project`, you will request ChatGPT to generate patches for all bugs in a specific project; If you don't give these two parameters, you will request ChatGPT to generate patches for all bugs in all projects.

#### Parameters used in refactory
- `-qi`: The question id used to generate the patch for refactory benchmark. refactory benchmark contains five question with id from 1 to 5.
